---
layout: post
title:  "Week 10 Project Update"
date:   2026-07-23
categories: Project Status
---
This post is a part of a series of weekly status updates for an Android app project I am doing as a part of the Professional Development in Computer Science class at the University of Colorado Boulder.

## What did you do last week?

Last week I did not accomplish as much as I had hoped. With life stuff interfering with my usual heads down time, I found it difficult to reach my goals. I was able to do some research on POST requests to WaniKani. This helped me implement the data classes for the request. I also ran into an issue with the Retrofit documentation changing sites, so that took me by surprise when my link suddenly went to a 404 screen. Eventually the Github moderators updated the site link there.

## What do you plan to do this week?

Like last week, my goal is to implement the POST request and be able to actually update my data on the WaniKani site. It's also my son's first birthday, so I will probably spend as much time as possible just soaking up this milestone.

## Are there any impediments in your way?

This will be another busy week with life stuff, so I will try my best to work towards my goal slowly.

## Reflection on the process you used last week, how can you make the process work better?

My process fell apart a bit when I could not dedicate time on the days I normally do for this class. I also found it difficult to compromise on the little free time I had to spend it at my computer instead of with family. I need to do a better job at sticking to the times I set forth ahead of time. Being more flexible in using other free time for the project would also be a good strategy this week.
